press.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Press
permalink: /press/
---

I've been very fortunate to have been interviewed, quoted, cited, and more.  Some of those articles may be found below. 

### Misc 

- [Awarded top 25 under 35 business award](http://www.americanregistry.com/recognition/top-25-under-35-movers-and-shakers/115138)
- [Voted into OpenWeb Foundation](http://www.openwebfoundation.org/foundation )

### SpotHero

- [Designing magic (as in a magical user experience)](http://chicagoventures.com/2016/11/designing-parking-magic/)
- [Design sprints for rapid innovation](https://launchpadlab.com/blog/design-sprints-q-a-with-anthony-broad-crawford-chief-product-officer-at-spothero/)
- [Launching SpotHero's mobility platform](https://venturebeat.com/2017/02/14/spothero-launches-developer-platform-to-expand-its-parking-inventory-into-third-party-apps/)
- [Google case study on SpotHero's 20x increase in sales funnel conversion](https://static.googleusercontent.com/media/pay.google.com/en//about/business/static/data/SpotHero-GooglePay-casestudy.pdf)
- [Google announcing the joint product launch @ CES 2018 between SpotHero & Google](https://www.blog.google/products/assistant/new-devices-more-google-assistant-ces-2018/)
- [Yahoo announcing SpotHero app updates](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/spothero-updates-ios-app-first-130300413.html)
- [Google & SpotHero Android Auto partnership](https://www.digitaltrends.com/cars/spothero-android-auto/)
- [Interviewed for my 2017 marketing trends & predictions](https://www.business2community.com/marketing/future-marketing-47-experts-share-2017-predictions-01723801)
- [Announcing SpotHero & Google CES Product launch & partnership](https://www.parking.org/2018/01/29/member-news-spothero-announces-voice-activated-car-parking-reservations-via-google-assistant-android-auto/)
- [Another announcement regarding SpotHero iOS app updates](https://www.benzinga.com/pressreleases/17/09/b10068289/spothero-updates-ios-app-with-first-of-kind-features-to-make-parking-f)
- [Discussing SpotHero’s position as category leader in vocal e-commerce (Siri, Google Assistant, Bixbi, etc)](https://www.business2community.com/marketing/future-marketing-47-experts-share-2017-predictions-01723801)

On joining [SpotHero](http://www.spothero.com)

- [Official press release for joining SpotHero as Chief Product Officer](https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160615005398/en/Anthony-Broad-Crawford-Joins-SpotHero-Chief-Product-Officer)
- [Business journal commenting on my hire as Chief Product Officer](https://www.bizjournals.com/chicago/potmsearch/detail/submission/5950342/Anthony_BroadCrawford)
- [SpotHero investor announcement my hire as Chief Product Officer](http://hydeparkangels.com/news_articles/9-biggest-chicago-tech-hires-june/) 
- [Chicago trade magazine discussing my move to SpotHero as Chief Product Officer](https://www.builtinchicago.org/2016/06/22/chicago-tech-new-hires)
- [Business journal with a mention of my hire as Chief Product Officer](https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170126005605/en/SpotHero-Launches-13-New-Cities-Based-Driver)

### StartupBus 

- [First episode of the StartupBus reality television show](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8bK9LPlh9i8)
- [TIME magazine covering StartupBus](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oeqTCpkGKoY)
- [Wired magazine covering StartupBus](https://www.wired.com/2011/03/startup-bus-sxsw/)
- [Rackspace discussing StartupBus](https://blog.rackspace.com/startupbus-cruises-into-the-rackspace-castle-en-route-to-sxsw)
- [Cleveland Plain Dealer (primary newspaper in Cleveland) discussing StartupBus & it’s impact on the city](https://www.cleveland.com/business/index.ssf/2012/03/startup_bus_teams_have_72_hour.html)
- [Huffington Post discussing StartupBus](https://www.huffingtonpost.com/joan-k-smith/what-a-long-strange-trip-_b_835740.html)

### GiveForward

- [Hour long radio interview on technology & entrepreneurship in the midwest](https://www.builtinchicago.org/blog/cpo-giveforwad-anthony-broad-crawford-technology-bettering-world-bytes-over-bagels
)

### Within3

- [Radio interview on Facebook and privacy controls](https://newstalkcleveland.com/134821/facebook-plans-to-unveil-drastically-simplified-privacy-controls-wednesday/)
- [On joining the board of directors for DataPortability](http://blackcalife.free.fr/datafiles/Informatique/Web/web_semantic/DataPortabilityOct_Nov2008.pdf)

Commit message:

added press reference to SpotHero for Business product winning an award

press.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Press
permalink: /press/
---

I've been very fortunate to have been interviewed, quoted, cited, and more.  Some of those articles may be found below. 

### Misc 

- [Awarded top 25 under 35 business award](http://www.americanregistry.com/recognition/top-25-under-35-movers-and-shakers/115138)
- [Voted into OpenWeb Foundation](http://www.openwebfoundation.org/foundation )

### SpotHero

- [Designing magic (as in a magical user experience)](http://chicagoventures.com/2016/11/designing-parking-magic/)
- [Design sprints for rapid innovation](https://launchpadlab.com/blog/design-sprints-q-a-with-anthony-broad-crawford-chief-product-officer-at-spothero/)
- [Launching SpotHero's mobility platform](https://venturebeat.com/2017/02/14/spothero-launches-developer-platform-to-expand-its-parking-inventory-into-third-party-apps/)
- [Google case study on SpotHero's 20x increase in sales funnel conversion](https://static.googleusercontent.com/media/pay.google.com/en//about/business/static/data/SpotHero-GooglePay-casestudy.pdf)
- [Google announcing the joint product launch @ CES 2018 between SpotHero & Google](https://www.blog.google/products/assistant/new-devices-more-google-assistant-ces-2018/)
- [Yahoo announcing SpotHero app updates](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/spothero-updates-ios-app-first-130300413.html)
- [Google & SpotHero Android Auto partnership](https://www.digitaltrends.com/cars/spothero-android-auto/)
- [Interviewed for my 2017 marketing trends & predictions](https://www.business2community.com/marketing/future-marketing-47-experts-share-2017-predictions-01723801)
- [Announcing SpotHero & Google CES Product launch & partnership](https://www.parking.org/2018/01/29/member-news-spothero-announces-voice-activated-car-parking-reservations-via-google-assistant-android-auto/)
- [Another announcement regarding SpotHero iOS app updates](https://www.benzinga.com/pressreleases/17/09/b10068289/spothero-updates-ios-app-with-first-of-kind-features-to-make-parking-f)
- [Discussing SpotHero’s position as category leader in vocal e-commerce (Siri, Google Assistant, Bixbi, etc)](https://www.business2community.com/marketing/future-marketing-47-experts-share-2017-predictions-01723801)
- [SpotHero for Business product wins "best in travel category" award](http://www.businesstravelnews.com/Technology/SpotHero-Wins-BTNs-2017-Innovator-Award)

On joining [SpotHero](http://www.spothero.com)

- [Official press release for joining SpotHero as Chief Product Officer](https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160615005398/en/Anthony-Broad-Crawford-Joins-SpotHero-Chief-Product-Officer)
- [Business journal commenting on my hire as Chief Product Officer](https://www.bizjournals.com/chicago/potmsearch/detail/submission/5950342/Anthony_BroadCrawford)
- [SpotHero investor announcement my hire as Chief Product Officer](http://hydeparkangels.com/news_articles/9-biggest-chicago-tech-hires-june/) 
- [Chicago trade magazine discussing my move to SpotHero as Chief Product Officer](https://www.builtinchicago.org/2016/06/22/chicago-tech-new-hires)
- [Business journal with a mention of my hire as Chief Product Officer](https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170126005605/en/SpotHero-Launches-13-New-Cities-Based-Driver)

### StartupBus 

- [First episode of the StartupBus reality television show](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8bK9LPlh9i8)
- [TIME magazine covering StartupBus](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oeqTCpkGKoY)
- [Wired magazine covering StartupBus](https://www.wired.com/2011/03/startup-bus-sxsw/)
- [Rackspace discussing StartupBus](https://blog.rackspace.com/startupbus-cruises-into-the-rackspace-castle-en-route-to-sxsw)
- [Cleveland Plain Dealer (primary newspaper in Cleveland) discussing StartupBus & it’s impact on the city](https://www.cleveland.com/business/index.ssf/2012/03/startup_bus_teams_have_72_hour.html)
- [Huffington Post discussing StartupBus](https://www.huffingtonpost.com/joan-k-smith/what-a-long-strange-trip-_b_835740.html)

### GiveForward

- [Hour long radio interview on technology & entrepreneurship in the midwest](https://www.builtinchicago.org/blog/cpo-giveforwad-anthony-broad-crawford-technology-bettering-world-bytes-over-bagels
)

### Within3

- [Radio interview on Facebook and privacy controls](https://newstalkcleveland.com/134821/facebook-plans-to-unveil-drastically-simplified-privacy-controls-wednesday/)
- [On joining the board of directors for DataPortability](http://blackcalife.free.fr/datafiles/Informatique/Web/web_semantic/DataPortabilityOct_Nov2008.pdf)
